I am
You seem to have lost the book
Don't kneel and kowtow to admit your mistake
How dare you make our young master kneel down and apologize to you?
He lost oops
Since they are willing to do it
Today will eventually become a joke
You Yechen buy a broken stone at random
It's the heart of the ocean
Do you think we believe it?
To have to check the authenticity of the Heart of the Ocean
Still not giving up, right?
Your certificates and appraisal results
It doesn't make any sense.
Find an expert to identify
Ancestor Ye Chen
I don't know.
Is the old man qualified to help you identify?
The True and False Heart of the Ocean
Jewelry master
Appraisal expert Xu Yike, why are you here?